Hey guys
rafael once more as he had said and
delay novelty for you and the
news here is already quite warm
I do not know if you remember how long I was.
with that wave the fred expects project is
329 and I am no longer suffering perry
I'm with the cfu Hawaiian mogi waves
but the fun more like him
said to the sardine and release the
code of theirs sir officer
big brother of 11 and yesterday was already
released
how can you see an online version
the last version we had was
based 329 but was in version based
seven hundred and nineteen of those
723 already changes a lot and the boot of the cell phone
the notebook is the one in the sony official
by chance who does not follow fred
perry project earlier this month
sony released the code source code
care night beach rugby is a site of
development site codes of
prototypes all about the system
android operating everything stays there
sony spy front website and skirt
So, um, the cell phone, everything is everything.
compatible, everything is taking all the
original sony codes a test with
a cell phone gpu utah with the drivers
from the original 305 adriano of the cell phone
the doctor is no longer with the playground
with lech which is the original file of the
android 4.4 sony thing not
was maybe even having droid blues
so I have a lot of new things
I'm feeling a lot faster now, is it?
more stable
games are rolling better speed
and now has a new option already had
authorized the option that is you take the
updates by the teacher there as
can see here the updates
available from nine is now available and
this has a lot to see version already has only one
little bug do not know if you
accompanied in the android policy is a
site that accompanies it quite
sony is to put the search panel
court you pull that by the side it
April will or not being what was
wanting to implement the
their research but if you
leaving from mogi home so much go now
the lounge will be locked and not yet
I know if they will fix this because
channels and nagle every day and update
different from the front expects
updated once every week
You can rest assured of the day, you go.
have an update with bug fix
new and especially every day you go
have a new update more update
of all information
especially if the search tab
another thing that was very important
so it is not so much but the cell phone has released
10 MB of memory has improved a lot
had previously here in memory of the street as
if you can see it was 804 m free now
there are 14 there is not much but it helps
enough in the performance of your home
apparently it's just that one more of the
things that fred expects and does not
is based on it is based on a code
clear source source but it is made a
of some other devices such as the
rock that is the sp
Everybody knows that I hope it 's 51
points before processor gilles a dell
320 While waiting for him, he also has
one big and 320 and give people
practically this here is one there was a
class could only say that and this
program that is not working for
game
I do not know why I opened the game and if
forget and for employees
it stops at video time I'll try
see what I can do
I wanted to show what I am
download here on your computer now
modern combat 5
I'm very interested to be able to use
he first of all week
combats in which you are downloading the original
by google play by google chrome
computer that has a plugin that you
can download google play all the
data
that's what he sang it using so it's more
or less this is the starting point for
those who want to sail on the site itself
nadhoim already has available there the device
auchan arm earned